2025-11-20-entry-12-the-man-with-the-red-axe.md
---
layout: post
title: "Entry 12 — The Man With the Red Axe"
date: 2025-11-20
---

We should’ve died that night.

JB and I were pinned between two wrecked cars, Captain Fortage trying to keep the Enders back with nothing but a broken combat knife. The entire forest around us had gone silent — that kind of silence that means they’re watching. You never see Enders first. You hear the branches bend, or feel the breath on your neck.

This time?  
We saw the eyes.  
Dozens… glowing between the trees.

Then the horde rushed us.

JB screamed. I don’t blame him. Captain Fortage fired his last magazine like it meant something. And I just wrote my stupid goodbyes in this journal because what else do you do when death is sprinting at you on all fours?

That’s when we heard it:

THUNK.  
CRACK.  
SHRRRK—!

One of the Enders’ heads rolled past us.

We looked up and saw him.

A guy in a torn purple coat, face half-burnt and shadowed like he hadn’t slept in weeks. He moved like someone who should’ve died already but was too pissed off to accept it. His axe — glowing red and black like it was drinking the dark — split through Enders like they were rotten wood. Every swing was controlled, almost calm… but his expression wasn’t.

He looked empty, like he had nothing left to lose.

But the way he fought?  
That was psychotic.

He didn’t yell. Didn’t talk. Didn’t even breathe loud. He just stood there in front of us, taking down an entire horde alone, step by step, like he’d done it a hundred times before.

When the last Ender collapsed, he turned to us.

Captain Fortage aimed his gun right away. JB ducked behind me. But the guy just stared at us with that single dark eye. No emotion. No threat. Just… checking if we were alive.

Then he said, as calmly as if we were meeting at a café instead of a murder forest:

“You three look lost.”

That’s how Dante joined the group.

We didn’t choose him.  
He didn’t choose us.

Survival just shoved us into the same corner of hell, and he was the only one strong — or broken — enough to drag us back out.
